1) a previous generation of a runbook meeting brief is here. It ran in a very different way. As I recall, and I could be wrong, there weren't several additional scripts generated in order to accomplish it. I think you should inspect the code, see how it works, and see to what extent the implementation here varies from it, and whether or not we can replicate something that is closer to what is seen here. https://github.com/thegoodparty/runbooks/tree/add-meeting-briefing-runbook/scripts/python
2) notice the content of the City Council Member Briefing copy. That is the output I expect, or output like that, for the Agenda Items and the Priority Items, etc. The generated meeting brief did not meet these expectations. Note the differences between what you shared and what is here, and see whether or not we can more closely adhere to the spec. 
3) I thought the language between both briefing.json with and without QA was very similar. I did not expect this, given that the QA layer added additional tone and other guidance. I suspect there is some kind of contamination which shouldn't exist. 
4) I also noticed that the READMEs seemed to reference the other project. They shouldn't. QA README should stand alone, QA CloudMD should stand alone, and the same for the meeting briefing Markdowns. They shouldn't be referencing the others. 
5) we will do some fixes eventually. When you do, be sure you're committing each change before and after to Git so that we can track everything. You should denote which output tests are being outputted. Output one would be what we just ran, and output two would be the following one, so that we can easily see which tests resulted in which folder of outputs. 